Ray
Let's work hard so much Hello everybody This time
Let's try to capture some islands now as part
As for the road, I was connected in the back and died many times, but now it has become something
I'm going to die like this
Let's go back and shoot the enemy before this happens again
It was saved by the lesson of the sky block before the summer solstice Milly Island front
Speaking of that Sky Block and this Sky Block, but that Sky
The block 's creators are related to this skyblock, so they were created like this
I think
Oops Dispenser is silk touch Tsuruhashi is delicious I think other things are also good
I will
However , I think it is only ice or grass that silk touch picks are active
I think that even if you try to destroy the spider's web, it will only become Tsuruhashi's wood end
For now, I will keep the lower footsteps and the upper lawn
We will get a dispenser as well
I wonder if no use for something Te dispenser or say
I have never used a dispenser
Well, before I go back, I 'm getting rid of the rubbish cobbles all over recently
I have not received outside but it is purely disturbing
It will disappear if you leave it alone after this
Well then the road I'd like to go up to next is already connected
I will bring only the minimum thing, I have some bad feeling
First of all, it's not long, so I'm going to go there anyway
I wonder what this hole Wow Monster Sponner reserve
It would have been nice to open the block for now.
Red
It's not like watermelon, so it 's like 54 pieces in total.
Some wheat seeds
However I guess Well Takumi Supona or bone Supona but is Supona of top Speaking this
I thought only when I was thinking that all the monsters from the spawner were water
Come to Chatchi to
It is very bad that it is bone but I think that I play
As a result, it was a master spawner, but it would be a master, but it would die with an explosion because he would die
I pray not to
It seems like prayer has passed through so let's head to the next island
The next island is here I think not too big, but I can not be off guard
Before that, there are more cases where small islands are usually equipped with devil traps
is
Since the supposed there was certainly the entrance even I guess let's invasion from the top for the time being
Let's go for good attack
There are 2 or so entrances from the top Anyway here I will not get down here My instinct is so
It's a lie to be rough
Why it was down this time by force is I do not know well to me
Result is alright, but I might try if it was Takumi disgusting rising to was the sound
From to capture the top Naa do not want to come Tagyo
It would be good to capture the Let's Do It Well normally thought to you
It is better to continue to capture because was difficult in practice but had been thought
Even if you get an item at the top, you ca n't get lost
Yoisho wonder if zombies Supona the
Here is a welcome like more of there not young but whether sword of iron
Let's say it's kind of thankful
Okay, let's capture the end here continued
Hmm
Haha Takumi Bang Bang is generated and coming Bang Bang but I can really go
No, I can do what I can do I do what I do
Let's go home with one stack and the sea
Let's fly away from there, but there is only a bad feeling of prejudice, so a bow and arrow on the chest
I will put in a long time
The difference I'm dead
I've been a little tired
Is the contents equipped with diamonds, but I wonder if I will go home
But so what do go If this
Then
It is the worst place of fall
Well I was safe all I thought
I was able to return safely, I do not intend to put a penalty in particular because suicide is not prohibited this time
is
I promise to post the next part within a week if I receive it
This time I do not know strategy or action
What is from the original
There is no problem, but in the first place it should have been moving like an idiot, but it is all cut
I will
I think that this was cut by the impatientness of the poster who wants to complete the video quickly
This video is time to reverse in the included video recording editing
Let's get back to the story of the mycra from the obsidian of the piston
Because the sound was heard regularly, probably there is a command block of time change in that
You do not need to you can Innovation other to destroy the night in a hurry some of you will ne Well
At the same even this sky block we expect and wish I think we impatient three lap two laps
I do not know someday , but I think I want to be here by this time So watch
Thank you very much